net: lib: azure_iot_hub: Rework and integrate Azure SDK for C (#8220)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/azure_iot_hub/README.rst

Check and configure the following library options that are used by the sample:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DEVICE_ID` - Sets the Azure IoT Hub device ID. Alternatively, the device ID can be provided at run time.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_HOSTNAME` - Sets the Azure IoT Hub host name. If DPS is used, the sample assumes that the IoT hub host name is unknown, and the configuration is ignored. The configuration can also be omitted and the hostname provided at run time.

> If DPS is used, use the Kconfig fragment found in :file:`overlay-dps.conf` and change the desired configurations there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If DPS is used, use the Kconfig fragment found in the :file:`overlay-dps.conf` file and change the desired configurations there.
```

As an example, the following compiles with DPS for nRF9160DK:

.. code-block:: console

	west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-dps.conf

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS` - Enables Azure IoT Hub DPS.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_REG_ID` - Sets the Azure IoT Hub DPS registration ID. Can be provided at run time. The sample by default uses the device ID as the registration ID and sets it at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_REG_ID` - Sets the Azure IoT Hub DPS registration ID. It can be provided at run time. By default, the sample uses the device ID as the registration ID and sets it at run time.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_ID_SCOPE` - Sets the Azure IoT Hub DPS ID scope. Can be provided at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_ID_SCOPE` - Sets the DPS ID scope of the Azure IoT Hub . This can be provided at run time.
```

   In certain LTE networks, the NAT timeout can be considerably lower than 1767 seconds.
   As a recommendation, and to prevent the likelihood of getting disconnected unexpectedly, set the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MQTT_KEEPALIVE` to the lowest timeout limit (Maximum allowed MQTT keepalive and NAT timeout).

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra empty line.

	Event was successfully sent
	Next event will be sent in 20 seconds

> If ta new telemetry interval is set in the device twin, the console output is like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new telemetry interval is set in the device twin, the console output is like this:
```
